Documentation/LittleHelpers/Index.rst, before:

.. ==================================================
.. FOR YOUR INFORMATION
.. --------------------------------------------------
.. -*- coding: utf-8 -*- with BOM.

.. include:: ../Includes.txt


.. _little-helpers:

Little helpers
==============

| kreXX can produce a lot of output. And when you are on the 5'th level of the 7'th object, things will get confusing and hard to read.
| To minimize confusion, the kreXX output offers two little helpers:

Hide-Everything-Else
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

| Modern frameworks tend to have complicated objects.
| Analysing them with krexx will then produce a lot of output. And the values you are looking for might be buried in there somewhere.
| The Hide-Everything-Else function does exactly this: It hides all the other values, to make the output more comprehensible.
| A click on the arrow symbol will hide all other values, except the value itself and it's child-values.
| Another click on will reset everything.
|
|

.. figure:: ../Images/LittleHelpers/open_datamap.png
	:width: 896px
	:alt: Incomprehensible output with a lot of data

	Incomprehensible output with a lot of data. A simple click on the arrow symbol hides the rest of the output

|
|

.. figure:: ../Images/LittleHelpers/collapsed_datamap.png
	:width: 785px
	:alt: Better readable output, because unnecessary data is now hidden.

	Better readable output, because unnecessary data is now hidden.

|
|

Automatic code generation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

| Displaying only the values you want to know about os one thing. Reaching them via php code is something else entirely.
| We have included an automatic code generation, which generates php-code to reach these values.
| There is a limitation, though. Most values you will come across are protected, and there is most likely a reason for this. kreXX will not generate code to make them public.
| A click on the heart symbol will generate this code.
|
|

.. figure:: ../Images/LittleHelpers/codegen.png
	:width: 978px
	:alt: Code automatically generated via kreXX

	Code automatically generated

Commit message:

- Updated the TYPO3 documentation - Updated to the latest dev version of the kreXX library

Documentation/LittleHelpers/Index.rst, after:

.. ==================================================
.. FOR YOUR INFORMATION
.. --------------------------------------------------
.. -*- coding: utf-8 -*- with BOM.

.. include:: ../Includes.txt


.. _little-helpers:

Little helpers
==============

| kreXX can produce a lot of output. And when you are on the 5'th level of the 7'th object, things will get confusing and hard to read.
| To minimize confusion, the kreXX output offers two little helpers:

Hide-Everything-Else
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

| Modern frameworks tend to have complicated objects.
| Analysing them with kreXX will then produce a lot of output. And the values you are looking for might be buried in there somewhere.
| The Hide-Everything-Else function does exactly this: It hides all the other values, to make the output more comprehensible.
| A click on the arrow symbol will hide all other values, except the value itself and it's child-values.
| Another click on will reset everything.
|
|

.. figure:: ../Images/LittleHelpers/tldr_output.png
	:width: 1073px
	:alt: Incomprehensible output with a lot of data

	Incomprehensible output with a lot of data. A simple click on the arrow symbol hides the rest of the output

|
|

.. figure:: ../Images/LittleHelpers/better_output.png
	:width: 792px
	:alt: Better readable output, because unnecessary data is now hidden.

	Better readable output, because unnecessary data is now hidden.

|
|

Automatic code generation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

| Displaying only the values you want to know about os one thing. Reaching them via php code is something else entirely.
| We have included an automatic code generation, which generates php-code to reach these values.
| There is a limitation, though. Most values you will come across are protected, and there is most likely a reason for this. kreXX will not generate code to make them public.
| A click on the <php> symbol will generate this code.
|
|

.. figure:: ../Images/LittleHelpers/code_gen.png
	:width: 1133
	:alt: Code automatically generated via kreXX

	Code automatically generated


|
|

Search function
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Imagine the following scenario: You are searching for a specific value, function or property somewhere deep inside a specific debug output "window".

kreXX offers you here a case insensitive search form, doing the following:

- Marking all appearances
- Open the collapsed nodes to the output
- Scrolls down to each finding

.. figure:: ../Images/LittleHelpers/search.png
	:width: 1073
	:alt: Code automatically generated via kreXX

	Search function in action
