Documentation/Installation/Index.rst, before:

﻿.. ==================================================
.. FOR YOUR INFORMATION
.. --------------------------------------------------
.. -*- coding: utf-8 -*- with BOM.

.. include:: ../Includes.txt


.. _installation:

Installation
=========================

Installation is very straight forward. You can:

- Install it normally with the extension manager
- Require it with the composer :literal:`composer require typo3-ter/includekrexx`
- Require the kreXX library itself with composer :literal:`composer require brainworxx/krexx` and then install the backend extension with the extension manager to get kreXX as early inside your system as possible

There is no typoscript or pageTSconfig at all.

.. important::
  The extension manager only suggests the version that is knows about. If you have not updated your extension list for some time, it will only offer the versions that it knows about. So far, kreXX has always been under heavy development.

  In order to get the latest version, you might want to consider updating the extension list, or upload it manually with the extension manager.

Commit message:

- Updated to the latest dev version of kreXX - Wrote some documentation

Documentation/Installation/Index.rst, after:

﻿.. ==================================================
.. FOR YOUR INFORMATION
.. --------------------------------------------------
.. -*- coding: utf-8 -*- with BOM.

.. include:: ../Includes.txt


.. _installation:

Installation and bugreports
===========================

Installation
^^^^^^^^^^^^

Installation is very straight forward. You can:

- Install it normally with the extension manager
- Require it with the composer :literal:`composer require typo3-ter/includekrexx`
- Require the kreXX library itself with composer :literal:`composer require brainworxx/krexx` and then install the backend extension with the extension manager to get kreXX as early inside your system as possible

There is no typoscript or pageTSconfig at all.

Bugreports
^^^^^^^^^^

As can be see in :ref:`changelog`, kreXX has been under heavy development. It is by no means bugfree, and like most software will never be.
If you encounter a bug or other unwanted behavior/feature, please let us know about it. There is a good chance that other
developers will also encounter it as well. If we don't know about it, there is a good chance that it will not get fixed.

Bugreports can be filed here:
https://github.com/brainworxx/kreXX-TYPO3-Extension/issues

Or here:
https://github.com/brainworxx/kreXX/issues
